{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 ProximaNova-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red66\green70\blue76;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c32549\c34510\c37255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab920
\pard\tx720\pardeftab920\sl192\slmult1\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 This project combines everything we\'92ve learned int he past four weeks. The assignment is to make a portfolio-worthy website with at least two subpages.\
The site should follow all SEO and Accessibility guidelines we\'92ve discussed in class. This includes but is not limited to alt-tags, image optimization, the correct use of ARIA labels, page titles, meta description and tags etc. Semantic HTML as well as responsive design is a must. I\'92m encouraging you to browse \'93the wire\'94 and get inspired. Good design resources to get you started might be. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab920\sl192\slmult1\sa480\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dribble.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.dribble.com}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.designinspiration.com"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc2 www.designinspiration.com}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.awwwards.com/websites/sites_of_the_day"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc2 www.awwwards.com/websites/sites_of_the_day}}\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab920\sl192\slmult1\sa480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 1. Pick a brand you like but their website sucks. Find a competitor that has a better website and elevate your brand with design features from the competitor. \
2. Go through recent Circus graduates portfolios and search for Interactive Designers. If you like one of their designs contact them and ask for the Photoshop file. That\'92s an easy way to get a real-life design template and usually the designers love seeing their work come to life!\
Upon completion, upload the website to your newly purchased domain via cPanel with our hosting provider or an FTP server. (Cyperduck, FileZilla, Transmit etc.) The site should be live on the wire!\
Please brainstorm about your potential website and let me know by Tuesday, 3pm what you want to build so I can make sure its feasible. \
The project is due two weeks from now. Please feel free to reach out with any questions!\
Submit a link to the git repository for this assignment.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab920\sl192\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Happy Coding! }